(docs) Add description and keywords (#206)
openebs/website: docs/versioned_docs/version-2.11.0/additional-info/alphafeatures.md

---
id: alphafeatures
title: Alpha Features
keywords: 
 - Alpha version
 - OpenEBS CLI
 - OpenEBS Monitoring
 - Dynamic NFS Provisioner

> description: This page provides an overview of OpenEBS components and features presently in Alpha version and under active development. These features are not recommended to be used in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This page provides an overview of OpenEBS components and features that present in the Alpha version and under active development. These features are not recommended to be used in production.
```
